Fix docs to make property listing in the website docs more useful. (#5746)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/security_policy.md

- `{ should eq 'value' }` tests the value of `policy_name` against the value declared in the test
- `translate_sid` converts the security identifier (SID) into a human readable SID name if `true`. Default value is `false`.

## Properties

> This resource supports any of the security policy name as properties for e.g. `SeNetworkLogonRigth`, `SeRemoteInteractiveLogonRight` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource supports any of the security policies as properties. For example, `SeNetworkLogonRight` and `SeRemoteInteractiveLogonRight`.
```
